TELCODOCS-1485: Updates to reflect new backend remediation process by TALM (#73787)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager-policies-concept.adoc

One by one, {cgu-operator} adds each cluster from the current batch to the placement rule that corresponds with the applicable managed policy. If a cluster is already compliant with a policy, {cgu-operator} skips applying that policy on the compliant cluster. {cgu-operator} then moves on to applying the next policy to the non-compliant cluster. After {cgu-operator} completes the updates in a batch, all clusters are removed from the placement rules associated with the policies. Then, the update of the next batch starts.

If a spoke cluster does not report any compliant state to {rh-rhacm}, the managed policies on the hub cluster can be missing status information that {cgu-operator} needs. {cgu-operator} handles these cases in the following ways:

* If a policy's `status.compliant` field is missing, {cgu-operator} ignores the policy and adds a log entry. Then, {cgu-operator} continues looking at the policy's `status.status` field.
* If a policy's `status.status` is missing, {cgu-operator} produces an error.
* If a cluster's compliance status is missing in the policy's `status.status` field, {cgu-operator} considers that cluster to be non-compliant with that policy.

> The `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR's `batchTimeoutAction` determines what happens if an upgrade fails for a cluster. You can specify `continue` to skip the failing cluster and continue to upgrade other clusters, or specify `abort` to stop the policy remediation for all clusters. Once the timeout elapses, {cgu-operator} removes all its created resources to ensure that no further updates are made to clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR's `batchTimeoutAction` determines what happens if an upgrade fails for a cluster. You can specify `continue` to skip the failing cluster and continue to upgrade other clusters, or specify `abort` to stop the policy remediation for all clusters. Once the timeout elapses, {cgu-operator} removes all the resources it created to ensure that no further updates are made to clusters.
```

[id="talo-policies-concept_{context}"]
= Update policies on managed clusters

> The {cgu-operator-first} remediates a set of `inform` policies for the clusters specified in the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR. {cgu-operator} remediates `inform` policies by using {rh-rhacm}'s Selective Policy Enforcement feature to control the `remediationAction` specification in the `PolicyGenTemplate` resource.

Reviewer 2: Not accurate. PolicyGenTemplate should not be mentioned. I removed "Selective Policy Enforcement feature" as well since this term is not mentioned in the ACM doc. 

Suggest the following
```suggestion
The {cgu-operator-first} remediates a set of `inform` policies for the clusters specified in the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR. {cgu-operator} remediates `inform` policies by controlling the `remediationAction` field of the policies through the placement binding `bindingOverrides.remediationAction` and `subFilter` fields. Each policy has its own corresponding {rh-rhacm} placement rule and {rh-rhacm} placement binding.
```

The new fields we need (bindingOverrides.remediationAction and subFilter) from ACM is documented in [Policy Yaml Table](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.9/html/governance/governance#policy-yaml-table), which is included in "Policy overview" we linked below so we should be all set.

Reviewer 2: Line 19
Change to "Once the timeout elapses, {cgu-operator} removes all its created resources to ensure that no further updates are made to clusters."

Author: I made a slight adjustment to your first suggestion. It clarifies that the `remediationAction` field is in the Policy resource, while the  `bindingOverrides.remediationAction` and `subFilter` specs are in the `PlacementBinding` resource. As I found this clearer. Hope that works for you too.
